.TH BEEAPPROACHABSOLUTE 3 "April 2, 1999" "BeeSoft Light" "BeeSoft Light" 
.SH NAME
beeApproachAbsolute, beeGotoAbsolute \- move a BeeSoft Light robot to an absolute position

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <bee.h>

.BI "bool beeApproachAbsolute(float " target_x ", float " target_y ");"

.BI "bool beeGotoAbsolute(float " target_x ", float " target_y ");"

.SH DESCRIPTION

.B "beeApproachAbsolute()"
and 
.B "beeGotoAbsolute()"
move a BeeSoft Light robot to an absolute position. It is defined by
a global map. The 
.I "target_x" 
and
.I "target_y"
arguments specify the coordinate of the destination. The measure is 
centimeter. The robot will move to the expected point. The difference is that
.B "beeGotoAbsolute()" 
uses Planner server modules to compute the optimal route to the destination, 
while 
.B "beeApproachAbsoulte()" 
uses only colliServer's collision avoidance function. 
Planner server modules uses the loaded map and set some sub-goals 
before the destination. Thus it help
.B "beeGotoAbsolute()" 
reach the destination in a short time.
.B "beeApproachAbsolute()"
does not use Planner to compute its route. It 
merely uses colliServer's collision avoidance to route by obstacles
before the destination. Because it does not have the information of global
map, it can only use the local map established from collected sensor data.
It can not work well for the case that the route to the destination is 
complex. 

The functions relies on 
.B "LOCALIZE"
to do the transformation between robot's base coordinate system and map
coordinate system. You must run LOCALIZE first.

.SH "RETURN VALUE"
On success, the function will return TRUE.  On error, FALSE is 
returned.

.SH NOTES
The function hides the details of the message pass among 
BeeSoft Light servers. However, you should at least run 
.B "tcxServer" , 
.B "colliServer" 
and
.B "LOCALIZE"
first. 
.B "beeGotoAbsolute()"
also needs 
.B "plan"
(Planner server modules.)
Moreover, your shell should set environment variable 
.B "TCXHOST" 
to the host name which runs 
.BR "tcxServer". 
You should also invoke function 
.B "beeInitialize()" 
before 
.B "beeGotoAbsolute()" 
or
.B "beeApproachAbsolute()"
function in your program. Otherwise, 
the movement can not be executed and the function will return FALSE.


.SH SEE ALSO
.BR "beeInitialize" (3),
.BR "beeApproachRelative" (3),
.BR "beeGotoRelative" (3).


