.TH BEECAMERAREQUESTIMAGE 3 "April 27, 1999" "BeeSoft Light" "BeeSoft Light"

.SH NAME
beeCameraRequestImage \- request for an image captured from cameraServer 

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <bee.h>

.BI "CameraImageType* beeCameraRequestImage(int " numGrabber ", int " orig_image_xmin ", int " orig_image_ymin ", int " orig_image_xsize ", int " orig_image_ysize ", int " return_image_xsize ", int " return_image_ysize "); "

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "beeCameraRequestImage()"
requests for image captured from cameraServer. The meanings of the auguments 
are: 

.B "numGrabber" 
specifies a grabber number you want to subscribe to. 

.B "orig_image_xmin" 
and 
.B "orig_image_ymin"
give an location of a block inside the image. They specify the x, y coordinate for the (0,0) of the block.

.B "orig_image_xsize" 
and
.B "orig_image_ysize"
give the size of a block inside the image. 

.B "return_image_xsize"
and 
.B "return_image_ysize"
give the size of a return image.  

The function return a pointer to 
.B "CameraImageType"
data structure.

typedef struct {

  int                xsize, ysize; 

  unsigned char     *red; 
      
  unsigned char     *green;

  unsigned char     *blue;  

  int                numGrabber; 

} CameraImageType;

.SH "RETURN VALUE"
On success, the function will return a pointer to 
.BR "CameraImageType".  
On error, 
.B "beeCameraRequestImage()"
will return NULL.

.SH "EXAMPLE"

   CameraImageType * image ;

   beeInitialize() ;

   beeCameraConnect() ;

   /* request for the block starting at (0,0) with size 320*240 */

   /* return every 2-th pixel so that the return size is 160*120 */

   image = beeCameraRequestImage(0, 2, 0, 0, 320, 240, 160, 120) ;


.SH NOTES
The function hides the details of the message pass among 
BeeSoft Light servers. However, you should at least run 
.BI "tcxServer",
.B "colliServer" 
and
.B "cameraServer" 
first. Your shell should set environment variable 
.B "TCXHOST" 
to the host name which runs 
.BR "tcxServer". 
You should also invoke function 
.B "beeInitialize()" 
and
.B "beeCameraConnect()"
first in your program. Otherwise, the function will return NULL.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR "beeInitialize" (3),
.BR "beeCameraConnect" (3)


