.TH BEECAMERASUBSCRIBE 3 "April 27, 1999" "BeeSoft Light" "BeeSoft Light"

.SH NAME
beeCameraSubscribe \- subscribe for frames captured from cameraServer 

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <bee.h>

.BI "int * beeCameraSubscribe(int " numGrabber ", int " numberOfImage ", int " image_xmini ", int " image_ymin ", int " image_xsize ", int " image_ysize ", int " return_image_xsize ", int " return_image_ysize "); "

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "beeCameraSubscribe()"
provides captured frames from a camera. The meanings of the auguments are: 

.B "numGrabber" 
specifies a grabber number you want to subscribe to. 

.B "numberOfImage"
specifies the request for every n-th frames.

.B "image_xmini" 
and 
.B "image_ymini"
give an location of a block inside the image. They specify (0,0) of the block.

.B "image_xsize" 
and
.B "image_ysize"
give the size of a block inside the image. 

.B "return_image_xsize"
and 
.B "return_image_ysize"
give the size of a return image, which could reduce the amount of data needed to
be transfered.

After the function is executed, a callback handler will be invoked
when every n-th frame is captured
Programmers can register
their own callback function by invoking
.B "beeCameraImageRegisterCallback().

.SH "RETURN VALUE"
On success, the function will return TRUE.  On error, 
.B "beeCameraSubscribe()"
will return FALSE.

.SH "EXAMPLE"

#include <stdio.h>

void mycallback(CameraImageType * image) 
  {

   ...

  }

int main()
  {
   int returnval ;
   CameraImageType * image ;
   beeInitialize() ;
   beeCameraConnect() ;
   beeCameraImageRegisterCallback( mycallback) ;  
   beeCameraSubscribe(0, 2, 0, 0, 320, 240, 160, 120) ;
  }

.SH "NOTES"
The function hides the details of the message pass among 
BeeSoft Light servers. However, you should at least run 
.BI "tcxServer" ,
.B "colliServer"
and
.B "cameraServer" 
first. Your shell should set environment variable 
.B "TCXHOST" 
to the host name which runs 
.BR "tcxServer". 
You should also invoke function 
.B "beeInitialize()" 
and
.B "beeCameraConnect()"
first in your program. Otherwise, the function will return FALSE.
Another note is that when the augument 
.I "numOfImage"
is given 0, the function has the same effect as 
.B beeCameraUnsubscribe() 

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR "beeInitialize" (3),
.BR "beeCameraConnect" (3),
.BR "beeCameraUnSubscribe"


