.TH BEEGETLASERVALUE 3 "April 2, 1999" "BeeSoft Light" "BeeSoft Light"

.SH NAME
beeGetLaserValue \- provide collected laser readings of a BeeSoft Light robot

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <bee.h>

.BI "int * beeGetLaserValue(int " whichone ", int * " number_or_reading ") ;"

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "beeGetLaserValue()"
provides collected laser readings of a BeeSoft Light robot. In the 
.I "number_of_reading" 
argument the programmer give a reference to an integer variable. This function provides
valid return readings only after the program runs 
.BR "beeLaserStartRegularUpdate()". 
A background thread will keep collecting laser readings sent from colliServer.
Then
.B "beeGetLaserValue()" 
returns an array of collected laser readings. You can specify a row id of laser 
sensors in the 
.I "whichone" 
argument. In "bee.h", 
.BI "FRONT_LASER",
.B "BACK_LASER"
are already defined as front and back laser.

.SH "EXAMPLE"

int numOfReading ;

int * returnLaserValues ;

returnLaserValues = beeGetLaserValue(FRONT_LASER, &numOfReading) ;

.SH "RETURN VALUE"
On success, the function will return a reference to the array of stored
laser readings, which is of "int" data type. The integer referenced by
.I "number_of_reading" 
will store the number of laser readings of the specified row. 
The array 
.B "beeGetLaserValue()"
returns is a clone of the space which the background thread keeps updating
in. Those data will keep intact until next time 
.B "beeGetLaserValue()"
is invoked.
Any attempt to free the space is not allowed.

On error, 
.B "beeGetLaserValue()"
will return NULL.

.SH NOTES
The function hides the details of the message pass among 
BeeSoft Light servers. However, you should at least run 
.B "tcxServer" 
and
.B "colliServer" 
first. Your shell should set environment variable 
.B "TCXHOST" 
to the host name which runs 
.BR "tcxServer". 
You should also invoke function 
.B "beeInitialize()" 
first in your program. Otherwise, the function will return NULL.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR "beeInitialize" (3),
.BR "beeLaserStartRegularUpdate" (3),
.BR "beeLaserStopRegularUpdate", (3).


