.TH BEESETTRANSVELOCITY 3 "April 2, 1999" "BeeSoft Light" "BeeSoft Light"
.SH NAME
beeSetTransVelocity, beeSetRotVelocity \- set the velocity of a BeeSoft Light robot 

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <bee.h>

.BI "bool beeSetTransVelocity(float " velocity ");"

.BI "bool beeSetRotVelocity(float " velocity ");"

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "beeSetTransVelocity()"
sets the translation velocity of a BeeSoft Light robot.  
The 
.I "velocity" 
argument specifies the velocity to set. The measure of velocity is 
centimeter per second. Positive value means forward velocity, while negative 
value means backward velocity. Programmer can then use 
.B "beeTranslatePositive()"  
or 
.B "beeTranslateNegative()" 
to move the robot. It will keep moving with the velocity. The velocity
will decrease to zero when it meets an obstacle and stops. 

.B "beeSetRotVelocity()"
sets the rotation velocity of a BeeSoft Light robot.  
The 
.I "velocity" 
argument specifies the velocity to set. The measure of velocity is 
degree per second. Positive value means clockwise velocity, while negative 
value means counterclockwise velocity. Programmer can then use 
.B "beeRotatePositive()"  
or 
.B "beeRotateNegative()" 
to rotate the robot. It will keep rotating with the velocity. The velocity
will decrease to zero in next 
.BR "beeStop()". 

.SH "RETURN VALUE"
On success, the function will return TRUE.  On error, FALSE is 
returned.

.SH NOTES
The function hides the details of the message pass among 
BeeSoft Light servers. However, you should at least runs 
.B "tcxServer" 
and
.B "colliServer" 
first. Your shell should set environment variable 
.B "TCXHOST" 
to the host name which run 
.BR "tcxServer". 
You should also invoke function 
.B "beeInitialize()" 
before 
.B "beeSetTransVelocity()" 
or
.B "beeSetRotVelocity()"
function in your program. Otherwise, 
the movement can not be executed and the function will return FALSE.


.SH SEE ALSO
.BR "beeTranslatePositive" (3),    
.BR "beeTranslateNegative" (3),    
.BR "beeRotPositive" (3),  
.BR "beeRotNegative", (3),
.BR "beeInitialize" (3),
.BR "beeStop" (3). 

