.TH BEESETTRANSACCELERATION 3 "April 2, 1999" "BeeSoft Light" "BeeSoft Light"
.SH NAME
beeSetTransAcceleration, beeSetRotAcceleration \- set the acceleration of a BeeSoft Light robot 

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <bee.h>

.BI "bool beeSetTransAcceleration(float " acceleration ");"

.BI "bool beeSetRotAcceleration(float " acceleration ");"

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "beeSetTransAcceleration()"
sets the translation acceleration of a BeeSoft Light robot.  
The 
.I "acceleration" 
argument specifies the acceleration to set. The measure of acceleration is 
centimeter per square second. Positive value means positive acceleration, 
while negative value means negative acceleration. 

.B "beeSetRotAcceleration()"
sets the rotation acceleration of a BeeSoft Light robot.  
The 
.I "acceleration" 
argument specifies the acceleration to set. The measure of acceleration is 
degree per square second. Positive value means clockwise acceleration, while negative 
value means counterclockwise acceleration. 

.SH "RETURN VALUE"
On success, the function will return TRUE.  On error, FALSE is 
returned.

.SH NOTES
The function hides the details of the message pass among 
BeeSoft Light servers. However, you should at least run 
.B "tcxServer" 
and
.B "colliServer" 
first. Your shell should set environment variable 
.B "TCXHOST" 
to the host name which runs
.BR "tcxServer". 
You should also invoke function 
.B "beeInitialize()" 
before 
.B "beeSetTransAcceleration()"
or
.B "beeSetRotAcceleration()"
function in your program. Otherwise, 
the function will return FALSE.


.SH SEE ALSO
.BR "beeTranslatePositive" (3),    
.BR "beeTranslateNegative" (3),    
.BR "beeRotPositive" (3),  
.BR "beeRotNegative", (3),
.BR "beeInitialize" (3),
.BR "beeStop" (3). 

