.TH BEETRANSLATEPOSITIVE 3 "April 2, 1999" "BeeSoft Light" "BeeSoft Light"
.SH NAME
beeTranslatePositive, beeTranslateNegative \- move a BeeSoft Light robot along a straight line

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <bee.h>

.BI "bool beeTranslatePositive(void);"

.BI "bool beeTranslateNegative(void);"

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "beeTranslatePositive()"
moves a BeeSoft Light robot along a straight line. The line has the 
same direction with the robot's current heading. Program can use
.B "beeSetTransVelocity()" 
and 
.B "beeSetTransAcceleration()" 
to control the robot. The robot keep moving ahead with the velocity and
acceleration. The robot will not move around obstacle. It will stop.

.B "beeTranslateNegative()"
moves a BeeSoft Light robot along a straight line. The line has the 
same direction with the robot's current heading. Program can use
.B "beeSetTransVelocity()" 
and 
.B "beeSetTransAcceleration()" 
to control the robot. The robot keep moving backward with the velocity and
acceleration. The robot will not move around obstacle. It will stop.


.SH "RETURN VALUE"
On success, the function will return TRUE.  On error, FALSE is 
returned.

.SH NOTES
The function hides the details of the message pass among 
BeeSoft Light servers. However, you should at least run 
.B "tcxServer" 
and
.B "colliServer" 
first. Your shell should set environment variable 
.B "TCXHOST" 
to the host name which runs 
.BR "tcxServer". 
You should also invoke function 
.B "beeInitialize()" 
before 
.B "beeTransPositive()" 
or
.B "beeTransNegative()"
function in your program. Otherwise, 
the movement can not be executed and the function will return FALSE.
Moreover, to let the robot move, you must first set the velocity with
.B "beeSetTransVelocity()" 
and 
.BR "beeSetTransAcceleration()" .


.SH SEE ALSO
.BR "beeInitialize" (3),
.BR "beeSetTransAcceleration" (3), 
.BR "beeSetTransVelocity" (3),  
.BR "beeStop(3).
