.TH BEETRANSLATEBY 3 "April 2, 1999" "BeeSoft Light" "BeeSoft Light" 

.SH NAME
beeTranslateBy \- move a BeeSoft Light robot along a straight line

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <bee.h>

.BI "bool beeTranslateBy(float " distance ");"

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "beeTranslateBy()"
moves a BeeSoft Light robot along a straight line. The line has the 
same direction with the robot's current heading. The 
.I "distance" 
argument specifies the distance to move. The measure of distance is 
centimeter. Positive value means forward movement, while negative 
value means backward movement. The robot will then stop in expected 
point or less if it meets an obstacle. This function does not 
make collision avoidance. The robot can not move around
an obstacle. It just moves a distance ahead or backward.

.SH "RETURN VALUE"
On success, the function will return TRUE.  On error, FALSE is 
returned.

.SH NOTES
The function hides the details of the message pass among 
BeeSoft Light servers. However, you should at least run 
.B "tcxServer" 
and
.B "colliServer" 
first. Your shell should set environment variable 
.B "TCXHOST" 
to the host name which runs 
.BR "tcxServer". 
You should also invoke function 
.B "beeInitialize()" 
before 
.B "beeTranslateBy()" 
function in your program. Otherwise, 
the movement can not be executed and the function will return FALSE.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR "beeInitialize" (3),
.BR "beeTranslatePositive" (3),    
.BR "beeTranslateNegative" (3),    
.BR "beeSetTransVelocity" (3),  
.BR "beeSetTransAcceleration" (3). 

